hey guys I'm Scott and thanks so much
for watching in a previous video I
showed you guys how to make homemade
bratwurst and this recipe I'm going to
show you a quick and easy way to cook
them as bratwurst of course you could
have bought these in the supermarket but
why not make them fresh if I can do it
you can do it for sure I have one pound
of homemade bratwurst here and I have a
dish here that's going to be able to go
into the oven we're going to do this in
a roasted version so I'm going to turn
on the heat I'm going to add my
bratwurst today's recipe is available at
portland comfort food comm just click on
the chefs blog and you'll find all of my
video recipes right there so I have my 1
pound of sausages in the roasting pan
I'm going to pour in two beers just
recovered and then about a teaspoon of
salt sea salt of course and to this I
have one small and yellow onion I'm just
going to put that right in on top I'm
going to mixture come up to a boil and
let these sausages boil for about five
minutes but make sure the beer in the
onions is just coming up to a boil just
get grab a pair of tongs you want to
keep rotating these sausages just to
prevent them from sticking to the bottom
of your pan and let these boil like I
said about five minutes all right it's
been about five minutes our sausages are
cooked essentially at this point and
that's important especially if you're
going to be putting these on the grill
because if you would put raw sausage
just on a grill they would scorch and
burn on the outside before the inside is
completely done if you're in question
grandpa meat their internal thermometer
and test for 165 degrees on all of this
ground
sausage product today I'm going to be
showing you a great roasted recipe it's
easy for folks who don't have a grill I
live in an apartment
we're just want to do it inside on a
cold and rainy day in a large bowl here
I have 10 cloves of really large garlic
right inside that have one large red
onion sliced break that up a little bit
I'm gonna throw them in about a teaspoon
of salt and grab some time we probably
want 10 sprigs of thyme just thrown in
there just like so I have four potatoes
I cut into about half-inch pieces
they're gonna roast quickly and now I
need to add about a teaspoon of pepper
to this I get a lot of questions about
the photo spice grinder check the points
to know it's a Pujo spice grinder but
they're really handy okay probably two
to three tablespoons of olive oil now
that we're going to throw in our
sausages this is just going to get me
room to get everything well coated with
the oil and salt and pepper
a little stringer here grab all these
onions out then I'm just going to
discourage the beer get everything in
your bowl toss it well in the olive oil
salt and pepper and all that good stuff
except all together I'm going back to
the same cast-iron dish that I was
boiling the sausages then this could be
even a sheet pan a roasting pan a
casserole dish whatever you have
just thought about it my oven is
preheated to 375 degrees if you have a
roast function on your oven you'll want
to do that it just turns on the top
double mint occasionally and toss all
this right into your big dish and as you
can see this rescue would multiply up
really really easily and it can be
altered if you don't like the onions
then cut down the amount of data or
garlic or whatever that is so all into
our Bowl we're going to put this in the
oven approximately an hour I'm going to
go in every 20 minutes 30 minutes and
just turn everything over so we get a
nice caramel color all over the top so
there we go our roasted bratwurst right
out of the oven with delicious
caramelized onions and garlic all mixed
in there as well as these potatoes in
the star chip that really soaks up so
much of this great flavor what I'm doing
is just going in and pulling off these
little twigs that have the thyme leaves
on it he said they all felt fell off and
flavored our or dish just kind of Cooper
in there get all that out and then call
folks to the table because this is ready
to serve of course you could put this
out on a large platter and bring it to
the table
or have folks come right to the kitchen
and pull it right out of the roasting
pan it's so delicious and really nice
and easy for even for weeknight dinners
you know an hour in the oven turning
every 20 minutes it's super simple and a
good way to get dinner on the table in a
quick way thanks so much for watching
again check my website Portland comfort
food com click on chefs blog and it'll
take you right to my video demonstration
recipes and also check out the website
we do cooking classes catering you can
order food right online it's it's really
fun of them getting lots of great
response and thanks to everyone here in
Portland who has really really supported
us here our first month of being open
it's really great and I really
appreciate it
guys have such a great day I'll talk
I'll see you soon bye